Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You know. Gesh.
I knew you were slow.
but I didn't know it was this bad.
So. what you're telling me is that
you want to settle for 3.5 million?
Gesh. if I were to take this matter
and drag it to court.
J&J won't survive
the things I'll expose to the public.
You'll also be dragging your name
through the mud.
Why am I even talking to you?
Where's Jonasi?
The man who actually
makes the decisions around here.
Oh. he's on holiday…
…with his wife.
Fuck!
Yeah.
-I fell asleep for a few minutes…
-Mmm.
…and you found a chance to sneak away?
-Hmm?
-You were napping.
-Wait. what are you doing?
-Yeah.
Stop it. Jo.
-Aren't you satisfied yet?
-How can I ever be satisfied?
With such a beautiful wife?
Never. Never.
-Mmm.
-Yeah.
I've heard that before.
Really?
Come on.
What?
Listen.
It's you and me now.
And for good this time.
I'm here now.
I'm here and I'm not going anywhere.
Jonasi wants a divorce.
I will not sign this nonsense of yours.
-Are we clear?
-You don't have a choice.
I want to make everything right.
-I love you.
-Jo…
We have to move on.
Let's not dwell on the past.
I love you.
Stop! Just stop it. Jonasi!
What are people gonna say?
I love you. babe.
Baby.
I love you.
Hmm?
I love you here.
And here.
And here as well.
Let me see. Seventeen bucks.
Two. three… One. two. three. four. five…
-Essie. it's all there.
-I'm just making sure.
You know what's shocking?
Joyce is actually dumber than I thought.
She really thinks Jonasi will change?
-People change out there. my baby.
-Wow.
Since when?
What I like is that this experience.
poor thing.
it's really cut her down to size.
Look at her.
The thing is
she thought she's a princess. right?
All powerful.
looking down on us from a pedestal.
Wow.
-She must take advice from us.
-Ma.
He brought her to her knees.
Down to earth. like the rest of us.
-Ma.
-What?
Can I have a new phone?
What happened to your phone?
-Broken?
-No. no.
I'd like an iPhone like Mpume.
Ha! There you go again.
Sarah. what I'm hearing
is that you want an iPhone
just because Mpume has an iPhone?
Yes. I want an iPhone
because Mpume has one too. Mom.
Hey! Listen.
you will not raise your voice at me.
Calm down and don't talk to me like that.
You're also going to drop this topic.
You don't want things to get ugly.
So. drop it.
Goodness! Sarah. don't test me.
Don't test me. Don't ever.
Essie. She heard you.
Mm-mmm.
Uh. so this is.
it's produced in a valley called Loire.
Yes. in the South West of France.
It's aged in oak barrels
for. like. 25 years.
You know a lot of things.
-Yeah.
-Hey. Lindani.
Let's finish our assignment.
I want to be free and hit the streets.
You have time to think about
assignments while you have a visa?
When you have the whole house
to yourselves?
I say let's throw a party.
Mm-mmm.
Menzi.
You're the head of the house.
You're the man. what do you say?
Um. I don't know.
Yeah. why not?
-Why not?
-Yeah. we can… we can do it.
-Fine.
Children of Gomora. what do you say?
Are we doing this party or what?
We can call Mbali
and see if she's around. you know?
Check on her.
Yes. hello. Mbali?
You know. friend.
what you should've done
is tell them you have a sex tape.
And you're going to release it
with the company logo. Hmm?
Brewed by Baba my foot!
I'm sure Joyce probably planned
the whole thing just to suck up to Jonasi.
You see. men…
You see. men. friend…
Men are just dogs. Hmm?
All they do is use you
and then go back to their wives.
You know what?
You know what. friend?
Fuck Jonasi.
Fuck Jonasi motherfucking Gomora.
-Hmm?
-You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm going to get myself a man
ten times more powerful than him.
-He's underestimating me.
-Oh. yes!
That's my girl.
Let's make another baby.
-Oh. stop it.
-I'm serious.
-No. why are we making a baby?
-Yeah.
Mm-mmm.
-We'll call him Mlungisi.
-Oh.
He'll make everything
in this family right again.
-Mmm. Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
I think you just
miss your children. that's all.
-Oh. my love. I've missed you all.
-Yeah. no. you miss your children.
I've missed all of you.
Mm-hmm.
Oh. and another thing.
-Mm-hmm.
-Let's go back home.
-How can we just go back home?
-It's home.
No way.
we still have one more day left here.
We need to relax…
Mm-mmm.
-…and enjoy each other.
-Let's enjoy…
-Have fun.
-Mmm. but then we…
-But you know…
-Mm-hmm.
…I want to have our Sunday braai. my love.
-Tradition.
-Hmm? I want it to be a surprise.
-Hi. Dad.
-How are things going?
I hope Nkazimulo is okay over there.
Yeah. he's having fun with his Grandma.
That's good.
Because your sister. on the other hand
hasn't been answering my calls.
Oh. I think she left
her phone charging upstairs.
-Would you like to speak to her?
-Mm-hmm.
It's Dad.
Ugh. I don't wanna talk to him.
Mpume.
Please move. my love.
so Dad can sit in his chair.
Dad. sorry about that. She…
She's just walked out.
Yeah. I think Lindani's here.
Menzi. don't lie to me.
But you know what. it's fine.
Just put me on speaker.
Baby girl.
I know you must be feeling
like I've disappointed you.
But I'm your father.
and you have to respect me.
And you too. Menzi.
step up as the eldest and act like a man.
Because I'm not going anywhere.
and you two need to accept that.
Bye.
Thank you. minister. for agreeing
to see me for this lovely dinner.
You know I was really surprised
when I got a call from you.
Because all along.
I thought you were happy at J&J.
Hmm. let's just say
J&J wasn't for me anymore.
-Yeah?
-You know. policy is where…
the real change starts.
Which is why
I wanna make this career pivot.
Tell you what.
let's stop beating around the bush
like little kids.
Let's get to the point.
Oh.
I want to know you better.
What would the minister
like to know about me?
I want to know everything.
To know…
every inch of you.
Drink up. drink up.
Hi.
-Hi.
-Oh. hi. Menzi.
Oh!
You brought out the good stuff today?
Someone like you is needed in life.
-Baby.
-Yo.
Look at what Menzi brought for us.
-Please open it.
-Oh. yeah?
Let me just grab some ice.
Baby. do you want us
to drink it here or outside?
I think we should drink it outside.
-Oh. yeah? Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
-Thank you. Brother.
-Thank you. Menzi.
-You're the best. Mwah!
-Let's go.
Wow. my dawg.
The main man. How is Mommy's little boy?
You know what. my man?
You see that girl right there?
She has you in the palm of her hand.
Who are these people now?
-I told you to come alone.
-Forget about the gents. Never mind them.
-No. no. no.
-Listen.
I want us to switch things up
and change your tactics.
What? Are you okay?
Yeah. um. I'm okay.
-Don't you want to go back to the party?
-No. baby.
I have a better idea.
Let's go to your bedroom
and spend some quality time.
-You know what I mean?
-Mm-mmm.
Look. Bongs. I'm not ready. baby.
It's okay. my love. I'll be gentle.
Listen. Bongs.
We've been drinking. baby.
And as for me
I want my first time to be special.
You understand. right?
Yeah. It's fine.
-I'll wait.
-Thank you.
Yeah. I understand. baby. I'll wait.
Okay. kiss me.
Money really can't
buy you style. you know?
Ugh.
What?
-My goodness.
-And then?
What in the world have your kids done now?
You know what? I'm going to kill someone.
-Stop it. stop.
-I'm going to kill them.
Just wait. babe. Stop.
Hey!
Oh. come on! Who turned off the music?
We're dancing.
Dad?
What are you doing here?
Mpume. look at yourself.
What do you call this?
-Mpume.
-All of you. get out!
Get out of my house!
Get the hell out of my house! Get out!
Out! Out! All of you!
Hey. you two over there. Hey!
And where are you going?
This stunt you just pulled in my house.
I expected it from him.
Not you. Sarah.
I thought you had more sense.
More than them.
Hey. piss off.
I don't have to listen to this shit.
Menzi. Hey.
Goodbye. my friend. Okay?
Thank you. J.
Wow.
Listen. boy.
Do me a favor and stay away from that boy.
Sarah. go with him.
Menzi.
is this your way of showing me
you're a man now?
So every time I leave this house.
I need to get a nanny
to look after you guys?
You were supposed to be a man.
Take your sister to her room.
-Mpume. Let's go.
-Hmm?
Mm-mmm. mm-mmm. mm-mmm.
You're not going anywhere.
Stay here and clean up
the mess you guys have made.
Let's go. my love.
Yeah. let's go.
Damn it. man!
Lindani. didn't you see my phone
when you were cleaning?
Mm-mmm. maybe Sis' Ntombi knows.
She was here in the morning.
I've already asked her.
She doesn't know. Lindani.
Goodness. Can't you guys hear
that you're making noise?
I can't find my phone.
Have you tried calling it?
Give me your phone.
I'll check on Find My iPhone.
Ah. geez. What's up with you?
Say please. Why don't you ask me nicely?
Gosh.
-Hi.
Knock. knock.
-How are you. Ma?
-Yes. Mpume.
Cuz. is Freedom around?
-What do you want from my brother?
-My phone is missing.
Find My iPhone says it's in Soweto.
So. if it says it's in Soweto
does it mean Freedom stole it?
No. Ma. I'm here to ask Free and Sarah
if they haven't seen my phone.
You came to ask Sarah and Freedom?
Doesn't Lindani also live in Soweto?
-Why don't you ask your friend?
-Don't you start with me.
Calm down.
Isn't your father rich?
Can't he buy another phone.
-since you lost the one you had?
-What does that have to do with you?
I think I partied too hard last night.
You see. today's hangover…
Eish.
Feels like I was hit by a bus.
Oh. wow.
We've got the entire Destiny's Child
in here.
-What's up?
-Freedom. my phone's missing.
-Okay?
-Oh. come on. I know you took my phone.
Hey. hey!
You came all the way
from the Gomoras' house
-just to tell me this shit?
-Okay. fine.
Let's go to the cops
and ask them to help us find it.
I don't have a problem at all.
Do what you want.
I'll even accompany you
to the police station.
Mpume. get out of here.
-Piss off.
-Don't tell her to piss off. Sarah.
-I said get the hell out of here!
-We're leaving anyway.
-Piss off!
-My goodness.
-What's wrong with this child?
-I said leave!
Ma. let's carry on.
Don't mind this nonsense.
-I said leave! Get out!
-I want my phone.
Ugh. Ugh!
Ma. add more flour.
They're just hungover. these ones.
That's all.
Add more flour. Ma.
That party should never
happened under Menzi's watch.
He should've stopped it.
That's what I'm saying.
Menzi forgets that he's actually a Gomora.
-Okay.
-Who did he take after?
-Definitely not me.
-Come on.
I want Menzi to run J&J one day.
That boy. He's way too soft.
They're good kids. they are.
They need to grow up.
They must do better.
I think that you also need to remember
that these kids.
the year we were apart.
was a really hard year for them.
The kids.
they really went through a lot as well.
Yes. But I'm back now.
Right?
Listen.
I have a request here.
Can we no longer talk about
how you and I were separated?
-Okay.
-There we go.
-Listen.
-Mmm.
Can I ask you to please excuse me.
I need to go to the bathroom.
-Should I accompany you?
-Excuse me.
-Accompany where?
-Mm-hmm.
I don't need you to accompany me.
but I'll be very quick.
-Mmm. Hurry back.
-Okay?
-I'm coming back. Okay.
-Hurry.
Minister.
Ah. Comrade Gomora. How are you. cadre?
-All is well. comrade.
-Good. good. good.
-Great. great.
-Hey.
I see that you also have company.
-Hello.
-Hello to you too.
Mmm.
As the old saying goes.
one man's loss is another man's gain.
-Oh?
-Well. I've taken her in.
And she works in my department now.
-She's doing a stellar job.
-Aw.
She's a dedicated and hard worker.
Mmm. Ah. yes. She really is.
Yes.
Oh. sorry. Number one.
Cadre. yes. yes. Hello.
Well. if you will excuse me.
I need to go powder my nose.
Wait.
-Are you fucking him?
-Ah…
-Are you fucking the minister?
-I don't fucking answer to you anymore.
-Oh?
-In case you've forgotten.
Tell me. Jonasi.
Your wife. won't she be wondering
where you are right now? Hmm?
The father of her children.
Huh?
Don't insult me.
I'm insulting you?
I want you to return Mpume's phone.
But Ma. I don't know
where Mpume's phone is. though.
Sarah.
Look at me.
Listen here. boy.
Why did you…
let Mpume and her friends
turn my house into a madhouse?
Jonasi.
-I thought we already spoke about this?
-No. love.
I want Menzi to answer.
Yes. Dad.
I tried to stop them. You can ask Mpume.
-Mpume!
-I'm asking you.
You're the firstborn son.
So why are you acting weak
when you're my son?
You haven't been the man
of this house for the entire year.
At least Menzi's trying.
Excuse me?
What did you say to me?
My love.
-Who do you think you're talking to?
-Oh. you want to be a father now?
You walked out on us. Dad.
Have you forgotten?
Hmm.
I've seen it all.
How the mighty have fallen.
Jo!
Don't you ever talk to me like that.
Understood?
Jonasi.
I'm not one of your buddies!
Do you hear me. Mpume?
You. stop being a weakling.
Toughen up.
-Stand up when I'm talking to you!
-Stop!
-Stop being weak!
-Leave him alone!
You're hurting him!
Jonasi. stop!
Do you really wanna kill him?
Menzi. are you okay?
Are you okay. bro?
It's going to be okay.
It's okay.
It's okay. my boy.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today